
RR Privacy Policy
Version: August 2020 (current)
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy refers to the multiple products, services, websites, and the App offered by Real Research, RR News, and other Real Research affiliates (collectively “Real Research”), except where otherwise noted. We refer to these products, services, websites, and apps collectively as the “services” in this Privacy Policy. Unless contrary indicated in your contract, our services are provided by Real Research.

In this Privacy Policy, the quotations to "data" will apply to whatever data you utilize our services to collect, whether it be survey responses, data collected in a form, or data inserted on a site hosted by us – it’s all your data. Reference to personal information or just information means information about you individually that we collect or act as custodians.


2. Information we collect
2.1 Who are "you"?
We refer to "you" several times in this Privacy Policy. To better comprehend what information is most relevant to you, see the following definitions.

Authors
You hold an account within a Real Research service. You either directly create surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires or are collaborating on, commenting on, or reviewing surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires within an account.

Respondents
You have received a survey, form, application, or questionnaire powered by a Real Research service.

Panelists
You have signed up and agreed to take surveys sent to you by Real Research on behalf of authors.

Website Visitor
You are just visiting one of our websites or the RR App because you are interested or have heard about us from our marketing and sales channels!



2.2 Information we collect about you
Contact Information.
You might provide us with your contact information, whether through the use of our services, a form on our Website, communication with our sales or customer support team, or a response to one of RR's own surveys.

Usage information.
We collect usage information about you whenever you interact with our websites and services. This includes which web pages you visit, what you click on, when you perform those actions, what language preference you have, what you buy, among other related matters.

Device and browser data.
We collect information from the device and application you use to access our services. Device data essentially means your IP address, operating system version, device type, device ID/MAC address, system and performance information, and browser type. If you are on a mobile device, we also collect the UUID for that device.

Information from page tags.
We use first-party and third-party cookies and tracking services that employ cookies and page tags) to collect data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by Real Research or users through our services also include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We provide more details on 'Cookies' below.

Log Data.
Like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about each access's nature, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, device type, and timestamps.\

Referral information.
If you visit the Real Research website from an external source (such as a link on another website), we record information about the source that referred you to us.

Information from third parties and integration partners.
We collect your personal information from third parties. For example, you give permission to those third parties to share your information with us or have made that information publicly available online.



If you are an Author we may also collect:
Registration information.
You need a Real Research account before you can use Real Research services. When you register, we collect your first and last name, username, password, and email address. If you choose to register using a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), please see "Information from third parties" below.

Billing information.
If you make a payment to Real Research, we require you to provide your billing details, a name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g. a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number).

If you provide a billing address, we will regard it as the account holder's location to determine which Real Research entity with whom you contract and the sales tax, if applicable, to be applied to your purchase.

Account settings.
You can set various preferences and personal details on pages like your account settings page (or in your account settings page for our other products as applicable). For example, your default language, time zone, and communication preferences (e.g., opting to receive marketing communications from Real Research).



Use of some of our services will also result in us gathering the following data on your behalf:
Address book information.
We may allow you to import email addresses and other contact information into an Address Book so you can easily invite people to take your surveys or fill in your form via our collectors. We do not use this data for our own purposes or contact anyone except in accordance with you.

Survey / form / application data.
We store your survey/form/application data (questions and responses) and provide analysis’ tools for you to use, concerning this data.

Profile information.
When you sign up for our services, you are required to provide us with personal information and give us more detailed insights into who you are.



3. How we use the information we collect from:
Authors
We process personal data about you either with your consent or to:
- Fulfill our contractual responsibility to deliver the services to you;

To pursue RR's legitimate interests of:
- improving our services’ or app experience; and

- developing new products and service tools.

You have consented to us using certain types of tracking and third-party cookies on our websites. In particular:


Cookies and Similar technology.
We or third-party data and advertising platforms that we cooperate with may use or combine multiple technologies, such as cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses to infer users' common identities across different services and multiple devices such as tablets, browsers, and mobile phones. We may do so, for instance, to tailor ads to users, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns, and to improve upon them. These third-party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them to improve their technologies and their ability to match conventional devices to users. We may also use this technology to allow an Author to measure the performance of their email messaging and learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates.

Contact Information.
We use contact information to respond to your inquiries, send you information as part of the services, and send you marketing information (for as long as you do not opt-out).

How you use our services.
We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users.

Device and browser data.
We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address.

Log data.
We use log data for many different business purposes to include:

Referral information.
We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes. Third parties and integrations.


We collect and use information from third parties and integration partners, where applicable to one of our services, to:
Ensure you can sign-up to our service from a third party integration like Facebook / LinkedIn / Microsoft / Google / SSO;

To personalize our services for you; and

Ensure you can use our service in conjunction with other services.


More details
To respond to legal requests or prevent fraud, we may need to use and disclose information or data we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
We collect and use the following on the basis that we have to use this information in order to fulfill our contract with you:

Your Account Information
We need to use your account information to run your account, provide you with services, bill you for our services, provide you with customer support, and contact you about your service or account. We occasionally send you communications of a transactional nature (e.g. service-related announcements, billing-related matters, changes to our services or policies, a welcome email when you first register). You cannot opt-out of these communications since they are required to provide our services to you.

Your Profile.
We process other aspects of your account information (like the personal information you provide about your job, your job title, and your marketing preferences) as well as information obtained from public sources, for legitimate interests like providing you with a personalized experience and relevant and useful marketing information as well as to make other product, feature and service recommendations to you and your organization to optimize the use of the services we offer.

You can object to us using your information as described above but in some cases, our ability to fully and properly provide our services to you may be impacted if you do not want us to collect or use the above data.


In relation to Survey Data
Your Data.
We also use survey questions and responses on an aggregated and anonymized basis, as described in this Privacy Policy. We will never sell individual response data or identify/contact individual respondents except on your request or where required by law.

Respondents
We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us, described in detail in this Privacy Policy. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected. Only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used. Our primary goal is to improve upon and make sure our services and messaging are relevant for all our users while ensuring that all users' personal information is respected and protected.

Cookies (to include page tags).
We collect information using cookies when you take a survey. These cookies are used to ensure that our survey service's full functionality is operational to ensure the survey operates appropriately and optimally.

Contact Information.
We only use contact information to respond to an inquiry which you, as a Respondent, submit to us.

Device and browser data.
We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address.


Log data.
We use log data for many different business purposes to include:

To monitor abuse and troubleshoot.

To create new services, features, content or make recommendations.

To track behavior at the aggregate/anonymous level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services.

To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.

Third parties and integrations.

We will collect and use information from third parties and integration partners to facilitate Authors in sending surveys/forms/applications/questionnaires.


Machine learning.
We will use machine learning techniques on response data, metadata (as described above) and cookie data, to provide Authors with useful and relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services, to build features, improve our services, for fraud detection and to develop aggregated data products.

To manage our services, we will also internally use your information and data, for the following limited purposes:

To enforce our agreements where applicable.

To prevent potentially illegal activities.

To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud.

Legal uses.


To respond to legal requests or prevent fraud, we may need to disclose any information or data we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.



4. Cookies
Our partners and we use cookies and similar technologies on our websites.

Suppose you are a customer of Real Research and separately use cookies or similar technologies in conjunction with any of our products and services. In that case, you yourself will be responsible for complying with any laws related to the use of those technologies, and this Privacy Policy is not applicable to that use by you.

We use certain cookies that you agree to when you use our sites and, in the case of some cookies, for legitimate interests of delivering and optimizing our services (where the cookie offers essential functionality). Cookies are small bits of data we store on the device you use to access


5. Security
Safety of Minors
Our services are not intended for and may not be used by minors. “Minors” are individuals under the age of 18 (or under a higher age if permitted by the laws of their residence). Real Research does not knowingly collect personal data from Minors or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a Minor, we may delete this information without notice. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact customer support.

Data Transfers and Privacy Shield Certification
Your information and data may be processed in and transferred or disclosed in countries where our affiliates are located, and our service providers are located or have servers. You can view where our affiliates are located on the Office Locations page. We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements. If required, we offer our Data Processing Agreement with standard contractual clauses for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission.

Changes to our Privacy Policy
We can make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will identify the changes we have made on this page. In circumstances where a change will materially change how we collect or use your personal information or data, we will send a notice of this change to all of our account holders.

Personalized marketing
You can opt-out from direct marketing in your account, and we provide opt-out options in all direct marketing emails. Finally, if you do not wish to see personalized marketing content on the web related to our service, you can clear the cookies in your browser settings.

6. Users’ rights
For Real Research users, please see our Terms and Conditions page. This section describes the rights you may generally have as a customer of any RR service.

You may wish to exercise a right to obtain information about yourself or correct, update, or delete it. For more details on these rights, you can read about it in Terms and Conditions. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations in local law. Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity. We will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time (and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request) subject to the below for specific categories of person.

7. Contact Us
In case of any doubt on this Privacy Policy document, please contact us here: (insert contact)
